{Release} Upgrade to Azure CLI 2.57.0 (#28281)
Azure/azure-cli: src/azure-cli-core/HISTORY.rst

Release History
===============

2.57.0
++++++
* `aaz`: Handle null value when deserialize output (#28253)

> * Warn customers when there're credentials in cli output if this feature has been turned on through `az config set clients.show_secrets_warning=True` (#27929)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add warning for customers when there're credentials in cli output if this feature has been turned on through `az config set clients.show_secrets_warning=True` (#27929)
```
